README.md, before:

# coinigyUserHotkeys
This extends chrome to allow custom user hotkeys for Coinigy.com the amazing multi crypto exchange charting service.
UPDATE: Just added a version for Poloniex as well see poloniexUserHotkeys.js

Version 1.0
Derived from Binny V A's work by Hugh Fuve
License : MIT

Step 1: Install Chrome

Step 2: Install CJS for Chrome Extension

  Requires CJS for Chrome.
  https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/custom-javascript-for-web/poakhlngfciodnhlhhgnaaelnpjljija?hl=en

Step 3: Refresh Coinigy

Step 4: An icon with "CJS" will appear on Chrome in the top right corner, click the icon.

Step 5: Enable CJS for coinigy.

Step 6: Copy and paste the coinigyUserHotkeys.js code into the area provided by CJS.. or save the file so that you can reference it via an include.

Step 7: Refresh Coinigy

Step 8: Hotkeys are enabled, and you can add any code you like to the site.

Step 9: Share with the community, thanks for your involvement!


CUSTOM USER HOTKEYS FOR COINIGY

This example ..turns CTRL 1,2,3,4,6,7 into quick sets for the sell prices..

CTRL + 1 resets to base prices
CTRL+  2 sets to half the available stock , then doubles the sell price .. successive hits doubles the sell price again and again.
CTRL+  3 sets to half the available stock , then triples the sell price .. successive hits triple the sell price again and again.
CTRL+  4 sets to half the available stock , then quads the sell price .. successive hits quad the sell price again and again.

CTRL+  6 does a fib/golden ratio level sell, and sets to available stock/1.66 and then sets the sell price to price *1.66, successive hits raise the price by golden ratio *1.66
CTRL+  7 sets to available stock/2 then sets the sell price to price *1.75, why this value? I dont know just testing...

All support appreciated,  my Coinigy ref link  https://www.coinigy.com/?r=7b1c65ae

Regards and see you in the chat room, Plutonium

Commit message:

Added a mouse roller option for scroll wheel to change buy/sell values by 1 satoshi, or by whatever digit you click on.

README.md, after:

# coinigyUserHotkeys
This extends chrome to allow custom user hotkeys for Coinigy.com the amazing multi crypto exchange charting service.
UPDATE: Just added a version for Poloniex as well see poloniexUserHotkeys.js
UPDATE: Added a rollerTweak.js .. copy and paste this in too if you want the mouse roller to increment / decrement pricing in buy/sell, see the comments in the code for USAGE

Version 1.0
Derived from Binny V A's work by Hugh Fuve
License : MIT

Step 1: Install Chrome

Step 2: Install CJS for Chrome Extension

  Requires CJS for Chrome.
  https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/custom-javascript-for-web/poakhlngfciodnhlhhgnaaelnpjljija?hl=en

Step 3: Refresh Coinigy

Step 4: An icon with "CJS" will appear on Chrome in the top right corner, click the icon.

Step 5: Enable CJS for coinigy.

Step 6: Copy and paste the coinigyUserHotkeys.js code into the area provided by CJS.. or save the file so that you can reference it via an include.

Step 7: Refresh Coinigy

Step 8: Hotkeys are enabled, and you can add any code you like to the site.

Step 9: Share with the community, thanks for your involvement!


CUSTOM USER HOTKEYS FOR COINIGY

This example ..turns CTRL 1,2,3,4,6,7 into quick sets for the sell prices..

CTRL + 1 resets to base prices
CTRL+  2 sets to half the available stock , then doubles the sell price .. successive hits doubles the sell price again and again.
CTRL+  3 sets to half the available stock , then triples the sell price .. successive hits triple the sell price again and again.
CTRL+  4 sets to half the available stock , then quads the sell price .. successive hits quad the sell price again and again.

CTRL+  6 does a fib/golden ratio level sell, and sets to available stock/1.66 and then sets the sell price to price *1.66, successive hits raise the price by golden ratio *1.66
CTRL+  7 sets to available stock/2 then sets the sell price to price *1.75, why this value? I dont know just testing...

All support appreciated,  my Coinigy ref link  https://www.coinigy.com/?r=7b1c65ae

Regards and see you in the chat room, Plutonium
